Dear All,

 

My opinion is that this BreakPoint message is correct and counter to what we hear in the media.

 

Please read/listen to John Stonestreet’s, message.

 

Thanks,

Forrest Dill

Cell (425)478-4404

 

From: Colson Center for Christian Worldview [mailto:colsoncenter@colsoncenter.org] 
Sent: Thursday, October 12, 2017 7:37 AM
To: forrest.dill@gmail.com
Subject: BreakPoint Daily: The Catastrophic Vision of Hugh Hefner

 

COLSON CENTERBREAKPOINT

 



BREAKPOINT DAILY 
OCTOBER 12, 2017

The Catastrophic Vision of Hugh Hefner

HOW OUR CULTURE LOST ITS SOUL
  LISTEN TO TODAY'S COMMENTARY

  SUBSCRIBE TO BREAKPOINT DAILY

b21c815a-b76f-4689-9556-137f670e8634.jpg

JOHN STONESTREET

WITH SHANE MORRIS

The man who embodied the sexual revolution has died. We’ll talk about the consequences—and victims—of his vision.

Back on September 27th, Hugh Hefner, the founder of Playboy, died at ninety-one.

An ancient Roman maxim says that one shouldn’t speak ill of the dead, but it would be irresponsible to not take note of his ideas and cultural influence, along with their consequences and victims.

Much of the coverage of his death has been admiring or even adulatory. The New York Times’ obituary, while mentioning Hefner’s feminist critics mostly in passing, emphasized how successful and influential he’d been. There’s been a lot of “he changed the game,” “he lived on his own terms,” and “he lived life to the fullest” sort of language about him.

CNN said that while “Some critics dismissed him as a relic of a sexist era, especially in his later years . . . many men envied his adolescent-fantasy lifestyle.” The Washington Post called Hefner’s legacy “complicated” and then proceeded to quote gushing tribute after gushing tribute. This sort of adulation for a man best-known for wearing his pajamas all day and spending nights with women young enough to be his granddaughters should embarrass even the media.

Eleven years ago, Chuck Colson put Hefner’s legacy into proper perspective. On the occasion of Heffner’s 80th birthday, Chuck said that “Hugh Hefner did more than anyone else to turn America into a great pornographic wasteland.”


Hefner’s journalistic eulogists are celebrating his rebellion and ultimate triumph over the “puritanical elements of the [1950s].” You know, that “dark and joyless time in America,” as writer Matthew Scully put it, “when one could actually go about daily life without ever encountering pornographic images.” Without Hefner’s pioneering vision, “American males could not avail themselves of hundreds of millions of obscene films every year—as they do now.”

That our pornographic wasteland is filled with so many victims is also part of the man’s legacy, which can only be fully understand in light of the larger story of the sexual revolution.

You see, Hefner once claimed to have changed America, and it’s hard to argue that he didn’t. He took Alfred Kinsey’s ideas of sex separated from morality and embodied them in images and words, making them seem glamorous, sophisticated, and respectable.

Along with the birth control pill, porn was the other tangible artifact of the sexual revolution and catalyzed the separation of the sexual act from its God-given purpose. Instead of a self-giving, life-giving act in the context of marriage like God intended, sex became an act of selfish pleasure in the cultural imagination.

Porn turned image bearers into objects to be enjoyed instead of subjects to be respected and honored, while giving the illusion that there were no consequences or guilt. Hefner was what I call “the artist” of the sexual revolution, granted a loosely-used modifier here. Ideas alone can’t change culture; they need champions, and the most effective champions are artists and educators.

The problem, as my BreakPoint This Week co-host Ed Stetzer often says, is that no one even won the sexual revolution, but everybody lost. Ideas have consequences and bad ideas have victims.

Hefner’s legacy includes fatherless homes, objectified women, porn-addicted and trafficked children, and the sexualization of all aspects of culture. And in a supreme bit of irony, a decreased lack of interest in sex with real-life women by addicted men.

All of this is the result of what Hefner called the “Playboy Philosophy”: ultimately the divorcing of sex from its God-given context—marriage—and its God-given consequences—children.

I posted about Hefner’s legacy on Facebook soon after his death, and one commenter quoted Jesus, “For what will it profit a man to gain the whole world but lose his soul?” And thanks in large part to Hugh Hefner, the same might be asked about our entire culture.



Subscribe to the BreakPoint podcast wherever you download your apps.

  ADD BREAKPOINT TO ITUNES

NEXT STEPS

The Catastrophic Vision of Hugh Hefner: How our  Culture Lost Its Soul

As John has said, ideas have consequences, and bad ideas have victims. The sexual revolution continues to produce victims, human beings for whom Christ died. As the Church, we are called to help those who have been hurt, abused, objectified, and orphaned.

 

Find a BreakPoint radio station in your area–Click here.

RESOURCES

Mere Sexuality
Todd Wilson | Zondervan Publishing | October 2017
 

Hugh Hefner, Mourning, and Legacies: Beyond the Pipe and the Robe
Ed Stetzer | Christianity Today | September 28, 2017
 

BP This Week: Hugh Hefner and the Sexual Revolution
John Stonestreet, Ed Stetzer | BreakPoint.org | September 30, 2017
 

Hugh Hefner’s Legacy Is Remaking Women in Man’s Image
G. Shane Morris | Patheos.org | September 29, 2017

 

 

 

BREAKPOINT THIS WEEK

 

A PRACTICAL GUIDE TO CULTURE: 
Helping the Next Generation Navigate Today's World

Cultural pressure is increasing, especially on our kids. But even in a world of addictions, ever-present screens, and gender-identity questions, youth can have clarity and confidence. We must help them attain it. In this honest and practical guide for parents and Christian leaders, John Stonestreet and Brett Kunkle will enable you to help your kids influence the culture, rather than let the culture change them.

 

Order "A Practical Guide to Culture" >

 

FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA

2ca0799a-6982-4757-86a8-7ada0dc5ca58.png



Yt

 

Is this email not displaying correctly?
View it in your browser.







This email was sent to forrest.dill@gmail.com 
why did I get this?    unsubscribe from this list    update subscription preferences 
Colson Center · 44180 Riverside Parkway · Lansdowne, VA 20176 · USA


