

Friday the 13th is considered, for some, to be a tattoo holiday. All around the country shops offer  traditional '13' themed flash designs for as low as $13. If you're considering taking advantage of this long-time tradition, here are some things you should keep in mind, and some Friday the 13th designs to inspire you.
FRIDAY THE 13TH TATTOO ETIQUETTE
While $13 tattoos might sound too good to pass up, there are certain things to keep in mind so both you and the artist have a good experience.

Bring a snack, water, and a good attitude. Some shops offering Friday the 13th deals end up with long lines or lengthy waiting lists, so it's good to keep that in mind.
Research the shop/artist ahead of time. While there are some amazing shops that offer deals on Friday the 13th, it's still a good idea to make sure you're getting a bargain on a good tattoo, not just a cheap tattoo. These days it's pretty easy to google a shop for ratings and reviews, and definitely worth it.
Tip your artist... well. Many tattoo shops offer Friday the 13th deals on tattoos as a way to pay back the tattoo community for their patronage, meaning the artists don't make much, if anything, on discounted tattoos. They work long hours and see a lot of people throughout the day, so kicking them a bit extra goes a long way. Remember: all supplies are disposable in a tattoo shop, which means every time they set up for a tattoo, it costs them money. Tipping the price of the tattoo ensures that your artist will go home with something in their pocket.
Be prepared to get a pre-drawn design. Most tattoo shops offering Friday the 13th deals draw the designs ahead of time. Don't show up expecting a custom design, or something you brought in. As previously mentioned, there may be a long line of people waiting to get their pre-drawn flash tattoo, so don't be "that guy" who expects something more. 
Bring your ID and cash. Being prepared helps everything move along quickly, and the receptionist/artist will be grateful you were ready!
Know your location/design. One of the biggest hold-ups at tattoo events like these are when clients are indecisive about placement and design. If you've researched the shop and they've released their pre-drawn designs ahead of time, it's a great idea to start thinking about which design you want, and where. Most shops have pre-determined sizing for their flash, but some may be able to do a bit of resizing upon request. If you aren't sure where you want to put a specific design, ask the artist their opinion, and then trust it. 
Don't bring a bunch of friends that aren't getting tattooed. If a group decides to get tattooed together, that's one thing, but a bunch of people standing around that aren't paying customers is a hindrance to both the shop staff and other clients. If you must bring someone along, stick to one other adult (avoid bringing small children).



Click Here To See More


