
Experience the Apple Watch Series 3.
T-Mobile
Apple Watch Series 3 | Freedom calls.
Answer a call from your surfboard. Ask Siri to send a message. Stream your favorite songs on your run. And do it all while leaving your phone behind. Introducing Apple Watch Series 3 with cellular. Now you have the freedom to go with just your watch.
Leave your phone at home. Talk, text, stream music and more on America's Best Unlimited Network.
On all T‑Mobile® plans, during congestion, the small fraction of customers using >50GB/mo. may notice reduced speeds until next bill cycle due to data prioritization.
Learn more
Join our community:
Facebook	Twitter	Instagram	YouTube	GooglePlus	Refer us
America's Best Unlimited Network
Apple Watch Series 3 (GPS + Cellular) requires an iPhone 6 or later with iOS 11 or later. Apple Watch and iPhone service provider must be the same. Not available with all service providers. Roaming is not available outside your carrier network coverage area. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Check apple.com/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. 

ISO standard 22810:2010. Appropriate for shallow-water activities like swimming. Submersion below shallow depth and high-velocity water activities not recommended. 

Device and screen images simulated. Coverage not available in some areas. Network Management: Service may be slowed, suspended, terminated, or restricted for misuse, abnormal use, interference with our network or ability to provide quality service to other users, or significant roaming. See T‑Mobile.com/OpenInternet for details. See Terms and Conditions (including arbitration provision) at www.T‑Mobile.com for additional information. T‑Mobile and the magenta color are registered trademarks of Deutsche Telekom AG. ©2018 T‑Mobile USA, Inc. 

To ensure future delivery of emails, please add news@t‑mobile‑email.com to your safe sender list or address book. 

This email was sent to incubus9@hotmail.com. If you've received this message in error, or if you prefer not to receive future promotional email messages from T‑Mobile, please unsubscribe. 

T‑Mobile USA, Inc., P.O. Box 37380, Albuquerque, NM 87176 

T‑Mobile respects your privacy. To review our Privacy Policy, click here.
